Preparations for release r2.4 (#179)
camaraproject/NumberVerification: CHANGELOG.md

* for subsequent release-candidate(s), only the delta to the previous release-candidate
* for a public release, the consolidated changes since the previous public release

# r2.4

## Release Notes

This **public release** contains the definition and documentation of
* number-verification 2.0.0

The API definition(s) are based on
* Commonalities v0.5.0
* Identity and Consent Management v0.3.0

## number-verification 2.0.0

**number-verification 2.0.0 is the public release for v2.0.0 of the NumberVerification API.**

The NumberVerification API version has been upgraded from previous v1.0.0 to v2.0.0 even though the functionality updates included in this version do not contain any breaking change.

> However, the inclusion of a new supported authentication method (CIBA+TS.43 temporary token) to enable the use of the API over Wifi, is sufficient to generate a new major version of the API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However, the inclusion of a new supported authentication method (CIBA+TS.43 temporary token) to enable the use of the API over Wifi, justifies the generation of a new major version of the API.
```

Changes included in v2.0.0 compared to v1.0.0

### Changed

- Align error list & model with comm 0.5 by @bigludo7 in https://github.com/camaraproject/NumberVerification/pull/161
- Add a pattern for x-correlator allowing zero-length string by @bigludo7 in https://github.com/camaraproject/NumberVerification/pull/164
- servers.url format aligned with current guidelines (`'{apiRoot}/number-verification/v1rc2'`) by @hdamker in https://github.com/camaraproject/NumberVerification/issues/169
- Link into main branch replaced with link into release branch by @hdamker in https://github.com/camaraproject/NumberVerification/issues/169
- NumberVerification over WiFi by @AxelNennker in https://github.com/camaraproject/NumberVerification/pull/174

### Removed

- Remove 403 INVALID_TOKEN_CONTEXT by @bigludo7 in https://github.com/camaraproject/NumberVerification/pull/163

**Full Changelog** between v2.0.0 and v1.0.0: https://github.com/camaraproject/NumberVerification/compare/r1.3...r2.4

## New Contributors
* @hdamker made their first contribution by servers.url format aligned with current guidelines (`'{apiRoot}/number-verification/v1rc2'`)

> # r2.3

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# ~~r2.3~~
```
